OK are you ready to add to fetch as well as CEOs.
So it's going to be really easy.
Let's do it the same way that we passed the parameters to a query as well as Ajax.
We can pass it over to our fetch function as well as to our Axel's function so that we we get all of
that information being passed and with fetch We need to set up an object because the only difference
between the get and the post is that we actually pass some parameters and let's build those out.
So we use a tear unary operator.
So we've got a valid with a value within method.
So we're going to check to see if it's equal to post and if it is equal to post that we need to build
out our object and otherwise if it's not equal to post we can just leave that blank or we could just
leave a blank object there.
So it actually doesn't matter.
So method this method is going to be post but we can specify that here as well because we're getting
that in value for the value of method it's equal to post.
We know it's already equal to post and where we pass that information.
So that's passed within body.
And then lastly we also need to add in headers so headers is going to be the same thing that we did
down with javascript where we have to specify content type so that it knows what type of content type
to expect.
So this is an object within this object and the content type is going to be the same header that we
used here for our javascript.
Let's go up and update that one as well.
So then fetch we've got Content-Type and I'll update this to be an object he paired value.
So that's it.
So we've got our headers and the headers match we've got the content we're passing in from form.
So this is serialized content and it's in a form format.
And we saw that being output there.
Also we can take a closer look and we can see the way that it looks over here when we serialize that.
So this is coming in from Gigue query.
So it's refreshing and try it out.
So we're ready to post with fetch.
So there we go.
So that's the content we're posting and that's what we're receiving.
We've got our response text over here so we can see that we're actually posting content over it's being
received.
It works within fetch.
It works within javascript and it works within the query.
There's one last one.
And let's not forget X CEOs.
So in order to actually use the post is going to be similar again.
So we know that we are already passing in the method value over here.
So let's update that 2 method.
So that's going to be posting.
So we just need to specify the data that we're posting and this is just going to be another parameter
here.
So it doesn't even matter that if we're doing a get if we don't have any data and we're not posting
anything.
So let's try this out.
We're going to post that data.
And over here we should also have a catch.
If it fails.
So it's always a good idea to have these failures built in so that if something goes wrong you know
that something has happened.
So this is going to be an error and it's looks very similar to what we're doing with our with our fetch
because again it's promises.
So pretty much the same thing.
So data status X CEOs and do fail.
So everything seems to be working properly.
We've got all of the responses there so the query javascript we can also try to get post to it and so
on and then we're receiving that response Texas status and our response as well.
So there we go.
So we've got the ability to update and use any one of these Ajax formats in order to send requests over
to you or else we're going to do an overview of the source code run through it as well as we'll try
out some different or else as well.
So it's coming up next.